## Part0 Prompt:

(a) Which of the following best describes the difference between MAC and digital signatures? Please submit
your answer in your project repository within part0/UNI.md in which you briefly describe the two methods
and choose one of the options below.

(1) While a digital signature can only be verified using the secret key for signing the message, message authen-
tication codes can be verified only based on the message.

(2) While a digital signature can only be verified using the public key of the signer, message authentication
codes can be verified only based on the message.

(3) Digital signatures can be verified based on only the message, while message authentication codes can only
be verified using the secret key that was used generate them.

(4) While a digital signature can be verified using the public key of the signer, message authentication codes
can only be verified through the secret key that was used to generate them

## Part0 Submission:

Message Authentication Codes or MAC are cryptographic systems that are symmetric. The way they work is that both the sender and reciever share the same secret key. They both have to know this secret key. The MAC is generated utilizing this key and the reciever is supposed to verify using that same secret key. This makes sure that that the integerity and authenticity aren't compromised.

Digital Signatures are cyptographic systems that are not symmetric. The signature is generated by a private key and can be verified by anyone with a public key. Only someone who knows the private key can sign.So, to compute a signauture, the private key is needed. However, to verify a signature only the public key is needed. This makes sure that the integrity and autheniticity aren't compromised.


Answer: Option (4) While a Digital Signature can be verified using the public key of the signer, message authentication codes can only be verified through the secret key that was used to generate them.
